README.md, before:

# CTI-DB-Dump

This repository contains an automatically updated dump of Cockatoo's Threat Intelligence (CTI) database.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Operational! Dumps will be made once per 24 hours.

Due to licensing restrictions, I'm not able to provide data in the `[REDACTED]` field legally.

## About

The goal of this repository is to provide a publicly accessible database with information collected by Cockatoo. The data is automatically updated and may serve as a resource for research, analysis, or educational purposes.

**Note:** While no sensitive information should be present in this dump, if you discover anything potentially dangerous (e.g., links containing plaintext JWTs), please [open an issue](https://github.com/DominicTWHV/CTI-DB-Dump/issues) so it can be promptly investigated and resolved. If you do not wish to make an issue, a post under Security also works.

For privacy reasons, some data may be hashed in sha256 or be partially obfuscated. There will be notices about it in the affected files.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

---

## Disclaimer and Warning ⚠️

This database dump **may contain unsanitized malware delivery URLs or other harmful content**. Please exercise caution while examining the data.

I accept no responsibility for any losses, damages, or other issues arising from interacting with the contents of this repository, including clicking on potentially malicious links.

---

## Contributing

As this repository is automatically managed and updated by a bot, pull requests cannot be accepted at this time. Thank you for your understanding.

Commit message:

Revise README content for accuracy and clarity
Updated README for clarity and legal compliance.

README.md, after:

# CTI-DB-Dump

This repository contains an automatically updated dump of Cockatoo's Threat Intelligence (CTI) database.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Dumps will be made once per 24 hours.

Some data are `[REDACTED]` for privacy and legal reasons.

## About

The goal of this repository is to provide a publicly accessible database with information collected by Cockatoo. The data is automatically updated and may serve as a resource for research, analysis, or educational purposes.

**Note:** While no sensitive information should be present in this dump, if you discover anything potentially dangerous (e.g., links containing plaintext JWTs), please [open an issue](https://github.com/DominicTWHV/CTI-DB-Dump/issues) so it can be promptly investigated and resolved. If you do not wish to make an issue, a post under Security also works.

See `metadata.json` for more information.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

---

## Disclaimer and Warning ⚠️

This database dump **may contain unsanitized malware delivery URLs or other harmful content**. Please exercise caution while examining the data.

I accept no responsibility for any losses, damages, or other issues arising from interacting with the contents of this repository, including clicking on potentially malicious links.

---

## Contributing

As this repository is automatically managed and updated by a bot, pull requests cannot be accepted at this time. Thank you for your understanding.
